Ai Integration works like a http request where we will  send the request 
from our service to the gemini server to get the results.

Gemini ai is used here because of it no cost for api and its specifically 
well trained on single input and output and also google gives us a simple
rest api as well. gemini response are faster gemini flash models are optimized for 
this.

So here comes the main picture where the frontend axios will send the http
request to the backend so now imagine we are in the backend now we want to talk
with other resources right ? so we want a Http Client now spring boot 
becomes backend Server + Client 

 		so here we have both Http Client provided by Spring (Not API a tool to call API)
 					WebClient and RestTemplate
 					
WebClient -> modern faster
			so when we mention modern and faster sprign auto suggest webclient too
			because RestTemplate makes the request flow by (if everyone click the button at same time)
						request made by user 1 -> loading the response
						request made by user 2 -> wait to complete the request 1
						.
						.
						request made by user 100 -> ..becomes too slow and takes more time in blocking
			WebClient makes the request and do its other tasks and it will be get the response
			once it is ready not wait until it is created.
			
SO RIGHT NOW WE KNOW WHAT ARE CLIENTS NOW WE SEE HOW WE CAN ADD THE CLIENT 

ADD A DEPENDENCY IN XML WHICH IS WEBFLUX  -> WHICH CONTAIN (WEBCLIENT)
AND RUN IT.		SO now create A CONFIGURATION FILE for bean initialization where spring 
container creates it object and maintain it and inject when needed. 

						now our app will be ready to call external APIs
						
so now we have the configuration of bean we needed and now create a service where we can talk to
gemini 
						that is GeminiService class file where it depended on 
						webclient object and the secret key added too
						
now we can send and receive request and response from the gemini ai so we now have the 
						webclient ready 
						GeminiService ready 
						API key for gemini
						And have DTO's 
						
now we can send request but what kind of request will gemini accept or want gemini not 
magically understand everything we give ! we want prompt engineering which it  should be formated
		
				so for a request and response we need {List<content> [ { List<Part> [ {text}}]]}
				
				so we have created gemini request which contains list<content> which contain list of part and list of part which contain text
 				